hello there and welcome to the card
watter today I've got a to do a book
designer haul to share with you I get
majority of my Doodlebug stuff from the
gifts a pot here in the UK if you're
watching on YouTube I'll have a link to
that in my description box down below um
Doodlebug is probably one of my first
loves in the card-making world and I've
loved him ever since basically and so I
thought I'd show you what I got I got
some washi tape I got this one here
which is the cute little spiders on
cobwebs I have an absolutely massive
favor of spiders in real life but
Doodlebug seem to make them cute and ya
couldn't resist so although I didn't use
washi tape on my cards generally I use
it more for packaging and broken up
presents and things like that but I
thought this one was really cute so I
got that and then I've got a couple of
the new paper pads and I know that you
do blog have a Christmas collection I
don't know if it's out here in America
is coming out but it's not here in the
UK as of yet but I got the two that I
could and the first one is happy harvest
which obviously is curved Wilton related
and so all of Doodlebug papers are
double-sided do Dibakar known for their
bright colors I think this collection is
a bit busier than their usual colors and
maybe it like the usual designs maybe
it's just the colours in it or something
I'm not sure but I mean some of these
are quite busier than maybe I would use
the trees there
these implants I mean this one here for
example if you had that in a 12 by 12 I
mean that would be way way too busy for
me it is really a bit too busy you know
six by six for me but hey you know
that's quite nice that one's nice too
little nice orange there again that one
is a bit bright for me a bit busy and
then you get them again you get two lots
and then I got the Halloween parade
collection so again bright bright colors
some of these I think you could use for
um you know cards other than Halloween
as well obviously some of them are
definitely Halloween ones but that's the
eyes there that's quite funny
little spiders yeah that one is
definitely a bit busy for me and then
again you get doubles of them and then
Doodlebug have brought out what they
call sprinkles which is I guess the
equivalent of enamel dots on a lot of
phone companies have enamel dots now and
I'm familiar with the my mind's eye ones
but I got to the Doodlebug ones because
I love Doodlebug colors so I got these
ones so I've got one of each of the
colors but I'll show you them quickly so
this is the limeade assortment so as you
can see there's three different sizes
and you get two two rows of each color
so the lightest the medium and then the
darkest they're nice I got the ladybug
I've got the tangerine the bumblebee the
cupcake
the blue-jean little islet the
lily-white the bonbon the beetle black
which is good because I don't have like
many kind of my own my own kind of
colors what you think of as male colors
so that's quite nice I'm swimming pool
beautiful bubblegum and then I got two
packs of the the assortment one so I did
get the Halloween ones and they don't
come in they still have three sizes but
the smaller of them is kind of like the
medium of the other ones if that makes
sense so and they're quite a lot larger
and then I got the full ones as well
which coordinate with the country
collection so that was my do to buy call
and there was if here on the bit some
twine some more washi tape and things
like that but as you can see has been an
absolute fortune on the sprinkles and so
that's why I didn't get any of the other
stuff so but the sprinkles I love them
and I'm sure I'm gonna use them a lot so
I think they're worth the money and so
that was my haul for you and thank you
so much for watching and I'll see you
soon